They can pass it, but we can't.
You, you, you, you, you, you,
You, you, you, you,
You, you, you, you, you,
You, you, you, you, you, you, you,
You, you, you, you,
You, you, you, you, you, you,
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
Ye Hao, Ye Hao, You Ye Hao,
You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you
Okay, so are you, so are you,
You are good, you are good, you are good
I think I can teach you a lesson
You are not worthy of my power to sit down
How could you hear it?
Is this yours?
This person is in mother and baby
I am what do you think of him?
He just stopped people from dodging
Said he went to mother's baby
Is Long Lei the contractor?
How could it be possible that you just said the same and we went there?
You are a good person and a bad person
Long Lei took it upon me to welcome the female wedding lady.
Really uncomfortable stuff
Who can't afford to send you off first?
You don’t have to work in a group anymore
Don't be too familiar
Is there any news around me?
Marriage is already waiting for you inside. Please come over here.